
** PRODUCTION MUST RESOLVE PACKAGE.JSON IN
   SHARED PACKAGE TO DIST **

list of changes to make next:
put contract recalculation after submission and before execution
add availableResources to contract projection
fix ai not training army
add cost to each client action and have one hook to calculate optimistic nation resource based on that
don't forget to revalidate training when running game simulation (function already ready)
make sure you revalidate contracts every turn
fix contract amounts
fix fractional numbers in contracts and exports
possible reason why small armies don't train: something rounds the values which prevents small armies from training. 
consider rewriting contracts. instead of storing resources, make them always available (like lumina points)
only allocate road building if you are sure there is available producing building of that resource
10. setup a database to store game state in ( or redis )
12. bug fixes + ui polishment + refactor clicking handler on client, clean up architecture
13. Music, sound effects, reusable components
14. deploy

--- NON-URGENT TASKS ---
1. Rethink how building contracts work (let the building calculate consumption,
and contract to adjust based on required resource and % of efficiency. Ex: 
50 wheat needed, 0.3 efficiency, so you update contract to compensate required .7)
1. Make sure nation flags and assets are pre-loaded so player doesn't wait
for them to load (which can take up to a second)
2. Implement modifier support for other variables
3. Make UI store to store changes
4. Transfer building construction state from hexes into separate objects
5. Create a single function for creating and validating instead of having multiple
sources where its required to validate every time.
6. Reduce amount of building levels on building if right click has happened on hex
7. Instead of transferring hexes directly during war, mark them as occupied (de facto/de jure owner)
and calculate surrender percentage based off of that.
8. Figure out what to do with roads and that +1 gold refund if you only got one
point when cancelling building. Think about refactoring how roads work. maybe make 
them a union of buildings. BuildNationRoads as well
9. Make win/lose menu to and allow player to start new game or continue in spectator
10. Change how paths work to make sure moving goals armies in hex are always reserved no matter the order they run
11. Update analysis to include more relevant data about nation vs neighbors
12. Skip invalid intents that don't pass domain validation. Aim for architecture to be 
client data => copy db data => run logic and update data => if error - log and skip, else update db
13. Update ai road building so it builds towards closest road segment that leads to producing building
14. Enforce AI staging, so it chooses a target hex and prepares for attack instead of attacking the first possible hex.
The flow should be: analyze nation border, score attacks, attack immediately if enough army, else create staging request
and pull army from other hexes to create enough army for attack.
15. Make each building have its own production rates instead of relying on fixed rates for each resource
16. Deprecate world analysis object. Instead invoke every non-expensive selector manually, and keep only expensive
calculcations.
17. Think how AI intents validate after simulation runs.

--- RULES ---
1. Delete/Update first, Build/Add second.

keep in mind that when you apply optimistic update to deleted buildings on client,
a hex that this building belonged to still holds the reference to it.

Resource/Building pipeline:

1. Turns starts, contracts get updated. Client sees optimistic ui of its contracts being working.
new contracts must be working optimsitically, right after creation since player works with previous turn state
2. calcAllocationResource allocates resources using the new updated contracts but prev turn state
3. each building calculates its output based on efficiency which is gathered from allocated resources
4. After every building calculated its new output, we run the allocation again and update each 
building's available resources with new efficiency